CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

<!--
Copyright 2024 Logan Magee

SPDX-License-Identifier: AGPL-3.0-only
-->

# Contributing guidelines

Thank you for your interest in contributing to Parcelo! Please read below for development setup
steps.

## Development setup

The recommended and supported development environment for Parcelo is Intellij IDEA (the community
edition is fine). You will also need to install the following tools:

- npm
- protoc
- minio

This repository comes with convenience IDEA run configurations to ease development. However, you will
need to configure a few things yourself. After installing IDEA and cloning the repository, follow the
steps below to get started.

1. Open the project in IDEA and install the required EnvFile plugin as prompted.
2. Navigate to your [GitHub developer settings] and click "Register a new application."
3. Set the "Authorization callback URL" field to `http://localhost:8080/auth/github/callback`. Fill
   in the other fields with whatever you like.
4. Click "Register application."
5. Copy the client ID from the resulting page into a file named `.env` with the contents
   `GITHUB_OAUTH2_CLIENT_ID=${client_id}`, replacing `${client_id}` with your client ID.
6. Click "Generate a new client secret" and copy the secret into a new line in `.env` with the
   contents `GITHUB_OAUTH2_CLIENT_SECRET=${client_secret}`, replacing `${client_secret}` with your
   client secret.
7. Navigate to `https://api.github.com/users/${username}` where `${username}` is your GitHub
   username. Copy the `id` field into a new line in `.env` as `DEBUG_USER_GITHUB_ID=${id}` where
   `${id}` is the ID you copied.
8. Start MinIO with `minio server`
9. Log in to the MinIO console and create a new access key. Copy the access key ID and secret access
   key into `.env` as `S3_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and `S3_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` respectively.
10. TODO: Add secrets for private storage bucket

You should now be able to run the console in IDEA by selecting the "console" run configuration and
running the project.

The environment variables in the included IDEA run configurations may be modified as needed.
However, we don't recommend doing this unless you know what you're doing. The defaults should work
fine for most use cases.

## Contributor license agreement

Contributing to Parcelo requires signing a Contributor License Agreement (CLA). To sign
[Accrescent's CLA], make a PR, and our CLA bot will direct you. If you've already signed the CLA for
another Accrescent project, you won't need to do so again.

[Accrescent's CLA]: https://gist.github.com/lberrymage/1be5c6a041131b9fd0b54b442023ad21
[GitHub developer settings]: https://github.com/settings/developers

Commit message:

Align licensing section of CONTRIBUTING.md with other repos

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

<!--
Copyright 2024 Logan Magee

SPDX-License-Identifier: AGPL-3.0-only
-->

# Contributing guidelines

Thank you for your interest in contributing to Parcelo! Please read below for development setup
steps.

## Development setup

The recommended and supported development environment for Parcelo is Intellij IDEA (the community
edition is fine). You will also need to install the following tools:

- npm
- protoc
- minio

This repository comes with convenience IDEA run configurations to ease development. However, you will
need to configure a few things yourself. After installing IDEA and cloning the repository, follow the
steps below to get started.

1. Open the project in IDEA and install the required EnvFile plugin as prompted.
2. Navigate to your [GitHub developer settings] and click "Register a new application."
3. Set the "Authorization callback URL" field to `http://localhost:8080/auth/github/callback`. Fill
   in the other fields with whatever you like.
4. Click "Register application."
5. Copy the client ID from the resulting page into a file named `.env` with the contents
   `GITHUB_OAUTH2_CLIENT_ID=${client_id}`, replacing `${client_id}` with your client ID.
6. Click "Generate a new client secret" and copy the secret into a new line in `.env` with the
   contents `GITHUB_OAUTH2_CLIENT_SECRET=${client_secret}`, replacing `${client_secret}` with your
   client secret.
7. Navigate to `https://api.github.com/users/${username}` where `${username}` is your GitHub
   username. Copy the `id` field into a new line in `.env` as `DEBUG_USER_GITHUB_ID=${id}` where
   `${id}` is the ID you copied.
8. Start MinIO with `minio server`
9. Log in to the MinIO console and create a new access key. Copy the access key ID and secret access
   key into `.env` as `S3_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and `S3_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` respectively.
10. TODO: Add secrets for private storage bucket

You should now be able to run the console in IDEA by selecting the "console" run configuration and
running the project.

The environment variables in the included IDEA run configurations may be modified as needed.
However, we don't recommend doing this unless you know what you're doing. The defaults should work
fine for most use cases.

## Licensing

Contributing to Parcelo requires signing a Contributor License Agreement (CLA). To sign
[Accrescent's CLA], just make a pull request, and our CLA bot will direct you. If you've already
signed the CLA for another Accrescent project, you won't need to do so again.

We require all code to have valid copyright and licensing information. If your contribution creates
a new file, be sure to add the following header in a code comment:

```
Copyright <current-year> Logan Magee

SPDX-License-Identifier: AGPL-3.0-only
```

[Accrescent's CLA]: https://gist.github.com/lberrymage/1be5c6a041131b9fd0b54b442023ad21
[GitHub developer settings]: https://github.com/settings/developers
